[DOCS-2492] APM connection errors troubleshooting guide (#11735)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/connection_errors.md

```text
APM Agent
=========
  Status: Not running or unreachable on localhost:8126.
```

## Troubleshooting the connection problem
Whether it’s the tracing library or the Datadog Agent displaying the error, there are a few ways to troubleshoot.

### Host-based setups

If your application and the Datadog Agent are not containerized, the application with the tracing library should be trying to send traces to `localhost:8126` or `127.0.0.1:8126`, because that is where the Datadog Agent is listening. 

If the Datadog Agent shows that APM is not listening, check for port conflicts with port 8126, which is what the APM component of the Datadog Agent uses by default.

If you cannot isolate the root cause, [contact Datadog Support][4] with:
- Information about the environment in which you’re deploying the application and Datadog Agent. 
- If you are using proxies, information about how they’ve been configured.
- If you are trying to change the default port from 8126 to another port, information about that port.
- A [Datadog Agent flare][5].

### Containerized setups

#### Check network configuration

> In containerized setups, submitting traces to `localhost` or `127.0.0.1` is often incorrect since the Datadog Agent is also containerized and located elsewhere. **Note**: AWS ECS on Fargate is an exception to this rule.

Reviewer: I just noticed right below it, it mentions not to set it for AWS EKS on Fargate too, so this should read:

**Note**: AWS ECS on Fargate and AWS EKS on Fargate are an exception to this rule

Author: ```suggestion
In containerized setups, submitting traces to `localhost` or `127.0.0.1` is often incorrect since the Datadog Agent is also containerized and located elsewhere. **Note**: AWS ECS on Fargate and AWS EKS on Fargate are exceptions to this rule.
```
